TODO.md, before:

### Game Play
 - [x] Fix the problems that occur when you flip when you aren't quite completely in your square.
 - [x] Add flags!
    - [x] Flag starts in the right place
    - [x] Flag is actually displayed
    - [x] Pick up and move a flag
    - [x] Signal on score
    - [ ] Have some way to make them drop the flag
    - [x] Move flag so it doesn't get in their face
 - [x] Change setup people are in the right places at the start and anything else is sorted
 - [x] Add a timer which counts down
 - [x] Add a score
 - [x] Add tug of war thing to display score
 - [ ] Add joystick controls to the game and make this not crash everything (check for player.keys)
 - [ ] Add numbers above players
    - [ ] Cooldown represented by colour
 - [x] Game over screen
    - [x] Draw score bar and score at the top
    - [x] Display which team won
    - [x] Have three option buttons for what to do next

### Game Setup
 - [x] Deal with joystick disconnects by de-pairing player and joystick.
 - [ ] Allow players to swap between joystick and keyboard and vice-versa.

### Slightly crazy stuff if we have a bit more time
 - [ ] Changing teams if a square you are on is swapped
 - [ ] Barriers
 - [ ] Level editor
 - [ ] Built in grids
 - [ ] Animations of flipping and stuff
 - [ ] Time limit to get the flag back to your base
 - [ ] Music and sound effects

### Extra crazy stuff for if we somehow have lots of time
 - [ ] AIs so you can play by yourself
 - [ ] Possibility to play over the Internet if there aren't lots of people at your house
 - [ ] Haptic feedback!

Commit message:

Add a cool down arc around players

TODO.md, after:

### Game Play
 - [x] Fix the problems that occur when you flip when you aren't quite completely in your square.
 - [x] Add flags!
    - [x] Flag starts in the right place
    - [x] Flag is actually displayed
    - [x] Pick up and move a flag
    - [x] Signal on score
    - [ ] Have some way to make them drop the flag
    - [x] Move flag so it doesn't get in their face
 - [x] Change setup people are in the right places at the start and anything else is sorted
 - [x] Add a timer which counts down
 - [x] Add a score
 - [x] Add tug of war thing to display score
 - [x] Add joystick controls to the game and make this not crash everything (check for player.keys)
 - [x] Add numbers above players
    - [x] Cooldown represented by colour
 - [x] Game over screen
    - [x] Draw score bar and score at the top
    - [x] Display which team won
    - [x] Have three option buttons for what to do next
 - [x] Cooldown arc around players
 - [ ] Shrink size of players and increase speed

### Game Setup
 - [x] Deal with joystick disconnects by de-pairing player and joystick.
 - [ ] Allow players to swap between joystick and keyboard and vice-versa.

### Slightly crazy stuff if we have a bit more time
 - [ ] Changing teams if a square you are on is swapped
 - [ ] Barriers
 - [ ] Level editor
 - [ ] Built in grids
 - [ ] Animations of flipping and stuff
 - [ ] Time limit to get the flag back to your base
 - [ ] Music and sound effects

### Extra crazy stuff for if we somehow have lots of time
 - [ ] AIs so you can play by yourself
 - [ ] Possibility to play over the Internet if there aren't lots of people at your house
 - [ ] Haptic feedback!
